<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  <title>Meetings</title>
  <link href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.3.2/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
  <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet">
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Story+Script">
</head>
<body>
  <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/bootstrap@5.3.2/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"></script>
  <nav class="navbar navbar-expand-lg navbar-dark bg-primary">
      <div class="container-fluid">
          <a class="navbar-brand" href="index.html">Team 25</a>
          <button class="navbar-toggler" type="button" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#navbarNav">
          <span class="navbar-toggler-icon"></span>
          </button>
          <div class="collapse navbar-collapse" id="navbarNav">
          <ul class="navbar-nav ms-auto">
              <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="about.html">About Us</a></li>
              <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="project.html">Project</a></li>
              <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="meetings.html">Meetings</a></li>
          </ul>
          </div>
      </div>
  </nav>

  <header class="container-fluid py-5">
    <div class="position-relative">
      <h2 class="section-title text-end">Meeting Log</h2>
      <div class="full-width-bar"></div>
    </div>
  </header>

    
  <div class="container-fluid py-5">
    <div class="row g-4">
      <!-- Meeting 1 -->
      <div class="col-md-6">
        <div class="card shadow h-100">
          <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
            <strong>Date:</strong> 10.10.2025
          </div>
          <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
            <p class="card-text">
              RACI matrix, Member roles, Communication platform, Defining first potential tasks
            </p>
            <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
            <p class="card-text">
              Roles and responsibilities divided between members, Discord chosen for communication platform
            </p>
            <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
            <p class="card-text">
              Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher
            </p>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>

      <!-- Meeting 2 Missing -->

        <!-- Meeting 3 -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 19.10.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Refactoring of code on the backend, Analysis on last year's documentation, problems with
                        generating PDF from documentation files.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Jira <-> Gitlab integration setup, setting up branches, analysis of use cases. Identification of
                        problems on frontend. Rewriting documentation into markdown files to be AI agent friendly
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <!-- Meeting 4 -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 21.10.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Identification of irregularities between documentation and actual implementation both on
                        frontend and backend. Analysis of existing tests from last year. Discussion about new test
                        patterns. Brainstorming about saliency models, source images, ground truths and results.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <!-- Meeting 5 -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 26.10.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Discussion about how to define tasks. Tested speed of processing images using the system. 144
                        images were processed under 23 minutes.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">The team decided to document the project's main use cases in 3 stages:</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>the way it is described in last year's documentation</li>
                        <li>the current state based on our analysis</li>
                        <li>the optimal future state</li>
                    </ul>

                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Meeting 6 -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 28.10.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Discussion about virtual machine specifications. Jira <-> Gitlab integration discussion since it
                        still was not woriking. Looking for Jira alternative.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Look at Youtrack as a Jira alternative for Gitlab Issues integration. Check functionalities of
                        Youtrack. If Jira still wont work we will use an alternative. Rewrite/improve documentation into
                        current state of the project.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Meeting 7 -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 4.11.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Discussion about the rewritten/improved documentation. Fixed documentation building issues.
                        Youtrack configuration, inviting team members. Gitlab issues integration with Youtrack. Decided
                        on code, commit conventions, test templates, branches.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Document the conventions into a knowledge base on Youtrack and project documentation.
                    </p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">
                        Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher
                    </p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Meeting 8 (12.11.2025) -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 12.11.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Server setup priorities were reviewed, with the website and a GitLab Runner identified as the immediate focus. Sprint goals for the week were aligned and readiness across roles was confirmed. Local development experience and CI prerequisites were assessed.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Minimal essential services were chosen for initial deployment to reduce risk and accelerate feedback. Devbox was selected for standardized local environments. Preparation of CI integration with SonarQube was agreed to enable early code quality metrics.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Meeting 9 (19.11.2025) -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 19.11.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">A centralized logging strategy was discussed and tagging of Playwright tests for selective runs was considered. Linting rules and Devbox usage were reviewed to ensure code consistency. Splitting of pipelines for backend and frontend, as well as introducing Taskfiles, was evaluated.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">External, immutable logging was adopted to simplify audits and aggregation. Taskfiles were introduced to standardize common developer operations. CI pipelines were split by domain (backend/frontend) and the linter was enforced as a mandatory CI check.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Meeting 10 (03.12.2025) -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 03.12.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">The state of CI pipelines and SonarQube reporting was reviewed. Frontend test tagging was refined to enable faster, focused checks. Kubernetes was compared with Compose, with production reliability and developer simplicity considered.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Kubernetes was selected for production deployments to provide scalability and resilience. Docker Compose was retained for local development to support rapid iteration. Improving test throughput and coverage across components was set as a goal.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>

        <!-- Meeting 11 (10.12.2025) -->
        <div class="col-md-6">
            <div class="card shadow h-100">
                <div class="card-header bg-primary text-white">
                    <strong>Date:</strong> 10.12.2025
                </div>
                <div class="card-body">
                    <h5 class="card-title">Topics</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">A dependency update pipeline was planned to keep libraries current and secure. The public API surface and documentation parity were reviewed for clarity. Roles were reaffirmed and a batch processing approach was outlined.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Decisions</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">A scheduled update pipeline with checks and rollbacks was approved. The public API was designed for simplicity and stable contracts. Documentation parity with the codebase was prioritized and responsibilities were formalized for upcoming milestones.</p>
                    <h5 class="card-title">Members Present</h5>
                    <p class="card-text">Lovás, Lévárdy, Ábrahám, Koliasnikov, Prykhodko, Streicher</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>


    </div>
</div>

</body>
</html>

